
Game Story.
A sorceror used zombies he raised to attack the castle where Bob is a guard, to steal an artifact allowing him to summon stronger shadow creatures.
There are 3 artifacts, 1 at Bob's castle, 1 at the Mages citadel, and 1 at the Island castle.
The sorceror is collecting all 3 artifacts to try and open a gateway below the Island castle.
As a castle guard, your mission starts when the castle comes under attack.

Game Premise/Gameplay.
Third person action platformer.
Players can choose from 6 characters, each with different stats and starting equipment.
Players gain points by defeating enemies.
Players gain money to spend on equipment and items by collecting coins and earning points.
Players can gain items and equipment by collecting it in levels, or buying it in the shop in the world map.
Players attack enemies to earn points and prevent them attacking the player.
When attacked, there is a probability that the player will prevent the enemy attacking, the more damage the player inflicts with a hit, the more likely the player is to prevent an enemy attack.
Players can combo up to 3 attacks with melee weapons.
Players can aim in any direction over the shoulder (including up and down), or normal third person movement (cannot aim up and down).


Game Objectives.
The player must make their way through a series of levels, defeating enemies and locating key npcs to talk to.
Level objectives are displayed at the top of the screen.

Controls.
Main levels;
W - move forward
S - move backward
A - strafe left
D - strafe right
Space - Jump
Shift - sprint

Mouse movement - move camera
Up arrow - move camera closer to player character
Down arrow - move camera away from player character

Left mouse click/X - attack
Right mouse click/C - aim
Middle mouse click/Z - defend

N - magic attack 01

Escape - pause/unpause
I - open/close inventory
H - open/close slot quick access display

T - interact (eg talk to npcs)

1 - equip weapon assigned to slot 1 
2 - equip weapon assigned to slot 2 
3 - equip weapon assigned to slot 3
4 - use item assigned to item slot 1 
5 - use item assigned to item slot 2
6 - use item assigned to item slot 3 
7 - use item assigned to item slot 4 
8 - use item assigned to item slot 5 
9 - use item assigned to item slot 6 
0 - equip currently assigned shield

World map;
W - move indicated direction
S - move indicated direction
A - move indicated direction
D - move indicated direction
Space - enter selected level

Escape - pause/unpause
I - open/close shop

T - access save game options

Inventory Control.
Main area;
Displays items acquired by players.
Left click and drag items to rearrange.
Right click to view information about an item and to access item options.
To equip an item, right click and choose "equip", then choose which slot you would like to place the item in to.

Equipment slots;
Weapon and defence items slots are on the left, and helper items are on the right.
Items slots display currently equiped weapons and defence items.
Click the red X to remove the current item from a slot and place it back in the main area.

Game Hud.
Levels
Lives are displayed in the top left circle.
Health bar is the top bar displayed (red), with health points displayed over it.
Mana bar is the second bar displayed (blue), with mana points displayed over it.
Points (orange) are displayed under the mana bar.
The currently equiped weapon is displayed as an icon under the points. 
If the weapon is a bow, the number of arrows left is displayed to the right of the icon.
If the weapon is a magic weapon, its element is displayed indicating that magic attacks can be used.
If the weapon is a melee weapon, the combo counter and indicator is displayed to the right of the weapon, a green box indicates a combo is available, and the red lines count the number of combo moves performed so far.

The map is found in the upper right corner and gives an indication of nearby enemies and allies.
Enemies are displayed in red, allies in blue, the centre green point is the player.

At the top centre is a display for reference for the quick access keys.
Can be hidden/shown by pressing the H key (even if hint part is hidden).
The key numbers to press are displayed under an image of the appropriate item in the slot.

Under the slots reference is a display showing the current level objective.
At the bottom of the screen is where text relating to interaction is shown (eg key to press to talk, and what an npc says).

Menus.
Main Menu
The main game menu, displayed when the game is started.
New game - opens the character selection menu to begin a new game
Load game - opens the load game menu
Options - opens the options menu
Credits - displays the credits of those involved 
Quit - exits the game

Options
Menu where players can set some of the game options.
Master volume - controls the overall volume
Sound effects volume - controls the volume of sound effects
Music volume - controls the volume of backgrouns music
Aiming cursor - turn cursor on/off
Slots quick access hint - turn whether the "H" hint to show quick access slots is shown/hidden
Look sensitivity - controls how quickly the camera moves when looking around
Language - chooses between languages
Difficulty - sets the level of difficulty
Save - saves the current settings
Back - returns to the previous menu

Pause Menu
Menu accessed while the game is paused, can be used to pause gameplay, change options, or exit the current game.
Resume - resumes the game
Options - opens the options menu
Restart - resets the player characters position
Quit - quits the current game to the main menu

Character Selection
Menu where players choose the character for a new game. Information is displayed about each character.
Next - move to the next character
Prev - move to the previous character
Select - selects the current character as the player character
Back - returns to the main menu

Save Game
Menu for saving the current game.
Save file 01 - save current game to save file 1
Save file 02 - save current game to save file 2
Save file 03 - save current game to save file 3
Save file 04 - save current game to save file 4
Cancel - closes the save game menu

Load Game
Menu for loading saved games, displays some information about the saved games.
Clicking the "Load" button beneath a game file will load that game file.

Equipment.
weapons
Armour
Shields
Items

Ally NPCs.

Enemies.

Misc (eg things not implemented yet).

Credits.


